# Shader Graph Arsenal

A simple project with some useful shader graphs and materials that use AI generated textures, free for use in any Unity URP project. Of course, I had to touch some textures here and there to make them either tileable and/or clear some angle problems but in general, no big changes were made to the images generated by the AI.

**An example game** that has some of these graphs used that you can check on **steam**: https://store.steampowered.com/app/1994400/MAGITERRA. Specifically the water shader and some of the building shaders can be checked.

### AI Generated
This project incorporates visuals that are created with the assistance of the famous **AI tool Midjourney**. Prompts in general included these words to make it produce more usable images:

 - Texture
 - Up-close
 - Tileable
 - Use for game engine
 - Seamless
 - Top-down look

And then other words to describe what the texture needs to be and/or some artistic additions like render engine choice etc.

## Unity

So these are all made with Unity engine using the **URP - Universal Render Pipeline**. The version used is 2020.3.30. I wanted to make sure that this repository is fairly backwards compatible and can adapt to newer versions just fine. Even if not, shader graphs should be easy to be updated on the go.


### Example media shown below:

Liquid shader with many possibilities

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12729230/191640081-a9a1b530-c6e0-4670-a996-e95caf8e3dfa.mp4

Particle dissolve with displacement

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12729230/191636729-65caa62e-bf3e-4c4c-916d-4cd561d8859d.mp4

Parallax shader with an Ice and Marble texture

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12729230/191641167-9d1ad8ba-be09-4e20-88fd-5a5ee119c2b5.mp4

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12729230/191641376-aa17665f-334d-4754-aeef-97121d36a80f.mp4


## Collaboration
This project is very open to contribution and collaboration. Just go ahead and open a pull request to suggest your changes and then I'll get to it whenever I can. I'm just doing this solo tho, so expect hiccups :)
